Readme (#1)
USGS-R/LSTM_temp2: README.md

attr['site_no'] = pd.to_numeric(attr['site_no']) #attr now includes coordinates

#forcing data
temperature = pd.read_csv('datarelease/temperature_observations.csv')
forcing = pd.read_csv('datarelease/forcings.csv')

forcing_temp = forcing.merge(temperature, how = 'outer')
forcing_temp_renamed = forcing_temp.rename(columns={"discharge(cfs)" : "00060_Mean", "wtemp(C)" : "00010_Mean", "dayl(s/d)" : "dayl(s)", "prcp(mm/d)" :"prcp(mm/day)"})

```
### Explanation of different experiments

At this point, you can decide which experiment to replicate. `experiments.csv` in the data release describes the various experiments run in this data release. These columns are most important:

- train_filter: Apply this filter to forcing data to filter out training and test data
- test_filter: apply this filter to get *only* the test data. Test/train time period split is handled internally in the modeling code when running, use this to extract sites for a particular test set when checking performance.
- hidden_sizes:  The sizes of hidden layers of the neural network.  Set these accordingly in StreamTemp-Integ.py
- batch_size: Size of training batch.  Also set in StreamTemp-Integ.py

> To filter the sites and forcing data based on the first experiment in experiments.csv, and write the input files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filter the sites and forcing data based on the `train_filter` field in the row of interest in experiments.csv, then write the input files. For example, for the first row in experiments.csv, `train_filter` is `dag >= 99`, so you can use that filter to create `attr_filtered`. Here we also name the output files ('forcing_99.feather' and 'attr_99.feather') to reflect that filter.
```

```
os.makedirs('input/forcing', exist_ok = True)
os.makedirs('input/attr', exist_ok = True)

> attr_filtered = attr.query('dag >= 60')

Reviewer: The first experiment in experiments.csv is 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12039957/129743578-1fb2da60-e990-4622-9aee-1da152bdaa1c.png)
which would have `attr.query('dag >= 99')`, wouldn't it?

Author: Right, I had run this one to test another example.  Not being able to run code directly from the readme has led to several copy-paste misses like this.  Maybe it would have been simpler to write the readme in a Jupyter notebook and then export it to a document format 🤔

Reviewer: I use Jupyter Lab and an R console within Jupyter Lab, which allows me to copy-paste from the README (or other files) into the console interactively. It's not quite RStudio but works well enough for light development.
